if you are trapped on an iceland and forced to
play in brutal children's game where all the
losers are executed what would you do i am going
to break down the mistakes made what you should
do and how to breed every death game in squid game
this guy is the unluckiest man in the world jion
here has just gambled the last of his life savings
on a horse track and manages to win 4 million own
collecting the money from the tether he runs
out to spend his new hard-earned cash and
steps outside to call his family with the good
news he's on top of the world but that's when
he notices a gang of lone sharks approaching
him and realizes his luck has just run out
panicking he runs back inside to escape them but
crashes into his oman and falls to the ground now
realizing that this pickpocket has just stolen all
of his weaning the lone sharks finally corner him
in the restroom to collect his debt but when he
checks his pocket he finds it's slashed open and
his money has disappeared with nothing to collect
be forced to sign his contract with his own blood
promising to pay them back in one month depressed
the glamour sits on the subway bench to wait for
that next rain home when this businessman comes
over to talk to him he asks segun here wants to
play a game and the clamber thinks he is just
an annoying salesman but then he opens his
briefcase reviewing stocks of cash and two folded
paper squares the salesman invites him to play the
korean game duck is promising to give him a
hundred thousand own every time he wins but
he will have to pay the salesman if he loses it's
a ridiculous gamble but with everything to gain
jivin decides he's in the man places he folded
paper on the ground and the glamour tries to flip
it over but he only manages to make the red tile
jump his failed but when the salesman takes his
turn he flips it over on the first try jion tells
the man he doesn't have the money to pay him but
the salesman offers to reduce his debt in return
for one slap in the face it's an offer he can
refuse and desperate to win he takes the slap
to continue playing he keeps losing each round
getting smack after smack until finally he throws
down his tile and flips the salesman's paper over
julian has just went a hundred grand for playing
a children's game but it's not as innocent as
it may seem okay first of all let me just say
that this guy here needs to be careful because
if any of these trains are going to busan then he
is going to instantly regret it now as for guild
here accepting this game was a terrible idea this
man can't stop himself on gambling with money he
doesn't even have and against someone who works
in front of dutchy in his suitcase and is clearly
better at the game than him anyone with a brain
without take that bit but once kion realizes that
it's free money and only requires a slab in
the face to keep playing he doesn't stop to
consider that this whole situation is suspicious
as hell look at this guy's outfit here this man
is strictly on business and since he approached
him with such a specific agenda it tells us he
already knew that julian is a degenerated camper
and he's targeting him for some hidden reason the
salesman gave him every possible chance to make
sure he's owned some money from him and nobody
tries that hard to lose money unless what you are
getting in a return is much more valuable jian was
too greedy to recognize any of these warning signs
and the man let his emotions get the better of him
now none of this guy's suspicious behavior matters
if you had a proven strategy to play and win
dakdy is a game that korean school kids play
and it's so popular that the game is even
televised for mass entertainment but it's not
the strongest player who wins this game it's the
smartest and most coordinated if you look at
this player here he manages to flip the player in
one try and that's because he used the
most surface area to make more contact
with the other paper if you can strike the target
with the flat side of your dark g paper then the
momentum will be transferred and carry the
paper up on the bounds so that it flips
over this might seem counterintuitive but
it's just playing physics and you can see this
player was not successful because he was trying
to use the age which is not opening strategy if
jian here had known the best way to play
this game he could hustle his businessman for
all his cash and walk away without having to get
slapped in the process now even though he own
this one victory will soon leave the gambler to
play in six of the most terrifying death game
you could possibly imagine and instead of a
slap in the cheek he will soon be gambling
with his life julian here collects his warnings
and the salesman tells him he can win more money
playing other children's games but he turns
down the offer that's when the salesman stands
up and reveals he knows the exact amount of money
gulen owes to loan sharks and that he will be
killed if he doesn't pay it back the gambler asked
him how he knows this and the salesman hands him a
business card telling him to call if he wants to
join the competition of a lifetime jion considers
his offer but this will be the biggest mistake
of his life celebrating his newfound luck
he turns back home to have dinner with his mother
but the woman knows the money came from gambling
she tells him that his ex-wife is planning to move
to america and he will only be able to see his
daughter if he has the finances to prove he can
care for her gn is devastated and realizing she
is right he decides to call the number on the
business card telling the salesman that he accepts
his offer to play another game later that night he
waits outside to be picked up when a van pulls up
to the sidewalk getting inside he begins to notice
that all the other passengers are asleep but when
the van starts to feel weak toxic gas the gambler
realizes he is just a big time and gets knocked
unconscious when the man opens his eyes he wakes
up to find himself lying in a bunk bed surrounded
by hundreds of others and courts just like him
they are all wearing uniforms and numbers on them
and as everyone gathers in the center of the
room the front door opens and a team of guards
walk inside this man of the square mask tells
them they will be played in six different
games and those who make it through all six games
will get a cash prize this man demands to know why
they were brought here and the guard presses a
button playing a montage of several people being
slapped everyone in this room is drowning in debt
and they have all been invited here to win enough
money to play it off the players all line up to
some constant forms with three clauses stating
that they must keep on playing that if they refuse
to play they will be eliminated and that the games
can be ended if the majority of players agree to
stop okay there's nothing more dangerous than a
room full of desperate people who have nothing
to lose and that's why the real threat are these
players not just the games for the video that was
played we can see the taxi salesman use the same
trick on everybody and they have only invited
players who are willing to gamble money they
don't have on a game they are unlucky to win its
textbook psychological manipulation and it proves
this wasn't a game for cash this was a test that
everyone in the room passed and now they know what
we are willing to say yes to which should scare
the crap out of us if we all agree to play for
more money then we can be sure that the plenty of
losing is going to be a lot worse than a few slaps
now if you pay close attention to the details
of this place you will realize that villain
here is about to have a really shitty day because
this place looks like a death camp designed by
ikea and even refugee camps don't just take their
bank six beds high and everyone is given a uniform
with a number instead of their name so their
identities have been stripped from them and
it's an immediate red flag that this is going
to be become a death game if prison rules apply
here then there are 455 other people who
might kill you to get ahead and it won't
matter what game you are playing the best strategy
right now is to lay low stay quiet and observe our
surroundings to gain more information to
make sure we have a competitive advantage
a key thing to notice here is that these guards
have different shapes on their mask but this could
indicate different work rows the circles could
be workers and the square make could be a manner
of some kind of recognizing power is extremely
important because it helps you behave accordingly
and pleasing of the wrong person just might get
you killed now singing this contract is the cherry
on top of the death game here because after being
dragged against your will and kidnapped this whole
enterprise is completely illegal which means
the contract can't be binded this is designed to
create the illusion of choice and keep you playing
even when and this start getting really up the
fact that nobody here has realized this contract
is meaningless tells us they aren't prepared for
what's about to happen next after being proceeds
they are all taken to their first game entering an
outdoor room with a massive clearing and in front
of them is a giant doll standing at the other
end of the field jun here recognizes one of the
players as his childhood friend sangu and walks
up to say hello suddenly the gates behind them
locked shut and the competitors are told they
will be playing the children's game red light
green light players must run to the finish line
while the doll looks away but if it looks back
and catches them moving they will be eliminated
they have only five minutes to cross the finish
line and with that the game begins the players
start running across the field but the doll
suddenly announces red light before anyone expects
it and this player is caught completely off guard
it spots the man still trying to catch his balance
and a voice announces that he's eliminated
suddenly a gunshot rings out and the player
collapsed to the ground motionless he's just been
shot dead and realized they have been tricked into
playing a death game everyone starts running for
the exits but the doll is detecting every moment
and bullets start flying by the time the shooting
stops over 100 people have been murdered and the
surviving players are left frozen in fear the doll
turns it head back announcing its green light and
the group starts moving again determined to make
it out of here alive using this guy like a shield
this girl cleverly falls behind another player
to hide herself from the door's side the game
girl who stole the gambler's money earlier when
he was running from the loan sharks and without
hesitation she pulls the man down to launch
herself ahead of the packagion here tries to move
forward but he's grabbed by the injured player who
begs him for help one wrong move and he is going
to get him shot but luckily the doll turns back
around just in time and he breaks out of the man's
grip there's now one minute left and the players
are finally starting to reach the finish line
the man is only a few meters away from being this
game but just as he takes a step forward he trips
over a dead body he's about to fall on the ground
but another player saves him life holding him
up until the doll announces green light with only
three seconds on the timer gulen jumps through
the air and finally makes it across the finish
line and remembering players who haven't crossed
are all brutally shot to death and the survivors
look up to notice a massive roof close overhead
they have no idea they are on a private iceland
in the middle of now here and the only way to out
of here is to win that's one game down with only
five more to go okay this is the most horrifying
children's game i have ever seen but double zero
one here is having the time of his life because he
understands something that everyone else is too
scared to realize this game isn't just about speed
it's about how much ground you can cover with
enough stability to freeze at any given moment
with this in mind the best method here is to walk
with feet flat on the ground and a wide stance so
our center of gravity stays low and stable this
old man was born for this moment because he moved
with a very stable date and it's the best example
of how everyone there needs to work it they want
to make it now alive now we can't afford to be
frozen and shocked like jion here because there's
a lot of ground for us to cover in a very short
time this room is designed to deceive you into
thinking it's smaller than it is but there's a
trick we can use to judge the distance so that we
know how fast we need to work to reach the finish
line before the clock runs out taking advantage of
parallax and anatomy you can actually use your
thumb to figure out the length of the field the
space between your eyes is about one-tenth the
length of your arm so if you stuck your thumb
out closing one eye after another your thumb
would appear to move one tenth the distance as
the card are from where you are standing you can
actually try this right now by sticking your thumb
out in front of you and closing one eye and then
switching to the other eye to see your thumb
move if you do the math here this trick tells us
that we are at least 100 meters away that means
that this place is roughly the length of a soccer
field so if we want to make it across in five
minutes we can't afford to waste even one second
one of the biggest mistakes you can make here is
looking at the doll instead of watching where you
are placing your feet it's important to remember
that we aren't responding to visual cues here we
are listening for red light green light we can't
risk trapping or accidentally losing our footing
so watching our foot helps us shut out unnecessary
information so we can concentrate on
stability while keeping our ears out
for the signals the next thing i would do is try
to protect myself and there's nothing more safe
in a death game than finding a good old fashioned
meat shield if we position ourselves behind
another person then it makes it much harder for
the robot to detect any movement if we happen to
flinch at a gunshot or react to another player
dying close by so walking behind someone is the
best insurance we have to hide it now the most
dangerous element of the scenario is actually the
other players trapped in here with us we have to
realize that we are extremely vulnerable to anyone
who wants to communicate their way out of here
if you get pushed over then you are taking you
out with them and it only takes one tiny movement
to get you killed so we will need to stay far
enough away from people that they can't interfere
with their process the best way to do this
is to position yourself along this wall into
this also give us another point stability to help
us stop in time and we can make it to the finish
line without getting killed after the game the
guards come in to congratulate the survivors on
passing and announced that 255 players were killed
it's a horrifying number and afraid of her life
this woman steps forward begging the man to let
her go home several other players joined her
in protest but that's when this massive piggy
bank drop in above them and start to feel with
more cash than you have ever seen in their lives
the survivors are shocked and the must man tells
everyone that they have an opportunity to win
45.6 billion own but if anyone lives then
they won't get a single penny with that a
voting machine is set up in front of them and they
all cast their votes but the majority of players
agreed to quite the must man tells them they can
still come back if a majority agrees to compete
again and the players are sent back home now it
turns out that every single one of them realize
their lives outside are much worse than they
remember and gian here returns to keep playing but
they are all going to instantly regret it
because this next death game is even more screwed
up than the last the van take them and to the
private iceland where a team of workers dressed
them into their uniforms and the players finally
wakes up back in the same place as if they never
left later that night coolant talks with his
childhood friend and suggested they team up for
the next game to increase their odds of winning
the man agrees it's wise to join forces and spawn
the players who rescued him last game the gambler
insists this man joined them too that's when
the old man asked if he can also be a part of
their team and gulen happily accepts him into
the group but his friend is not happy he invited
someone so old to join their team the next morning
all the players are laid into a new arena and as
they pour in they find an oversized playground
in front of them if voice instructs them to line
up in front of one of the four ships on the walls
and their choices are a circle triangle star and
umbrella that's when changu here has a flashback
to his childhood and suddenly realizes what this
game is but the man doesn't tell anyone what he's
just discovered jion here ask him if they should
all choose the same shape but he rejects the
idea suggesting they should split up to reduce the
risk finally the doors open as announcer instructs
them to take a case of the tables and the
players find a thin piece of hard sponge trophy
with a shape in the middle they will have to use
the needle to poke out the shape in 10 minutes
but if they crack it they will be executed
the game begins and gulen here carefully
starts breaking off piece of the candy but
another player immediately cracks his honeycomb
in half without hesitation the guard pulls out
his pistol and shoots the man dead making him the
first casualty of his game it starts a chain
reaction as more people are executed without
mercy june is waiting for the pressure in
the umbrella is the hardest shape to cut but
suddenly the man has a relevation revelation
seeing the bits of sweat falling onto the candy
he realizes he might be able to melt it with his
saliva from the bottle because the outline the
shape is thinner than the rest of the honeycomb
he starts to leak the toffee while other players
begin to follow his lead and with 12 seconds
left on the clock jion desperately breaks apart
his honeycomb perfectly removing the umbrella
from the mall despite all odds he is on again
there's two games so with four more to go okay
this might seem easy but if you pick the wrong
shape in this game you have an extremely
low chance of surviving for those of you
who are unfamiliar this candy is known as take
owner and removing the shape without cracking
it is very common game that korean vendors play
with kids which is why the players recognize it
as soon as they open their tin cans it's made out
of melted sugar and baking soda creating a unique
structure inside which makes it hard to predict
how it might crack in fracture machines this is
known as strain energy and when it releases
other micro cracks start to spread making it
crumble more easily that it is exactly
what makes this game so challenging because
as careful as you are is just might make your
candy crack on your without warning and you will
be shot in the face the more sharp angles there
are in the shape the more you are likely to break
it and that's why jion hair is completely
screwed because he chose an umbrella which
has the most angles by far this teammate here
told everyone to split up to spread out the
risk but if you think about it his suggestion is
total bull spreading out just makes it harder for
the group to work together because they won't
be facing the same problems for this reason i
would have suggested that we all select the same
shape so that whatever solutions we can find we
can all benefits from them and when it's clear
that this guy is intentionally trying to get the
other players killed in order to increase the
price pool for himself and that's cold blooded as
hell now there's still a way to increase your
chance of choosing the right shape without working
what the game is locked at how these first two
players rush in to select a shape before anyone
else both of them choose triangle and when nobody
supposed to know what the game is yet it probably
means they recognize the game from their
childhood now this doesn't guarantee that
triangle is the best choice but given they are so
sure of themselves when the stakes are life and
death it's not unreasonable to assume that someone
this confident has probably figured something out
if the players were unsure of their decision they
would take more time to think about it and if you
have no idea what the game is following their
lead to going to be your best option now if it
just so happens that we get stuck with the worst
shape possible there's still hope there because
the rules never stated that you could only use the
needle and that opens up a lot more possibilities
too when using your saliva is a smart move because
giant weight makes the candy softer and you will
be able to cut the shape out without cracking it
this might seem obvious but under a craze about a
stress like this it's hard to see other solutions
if you are already told now you are supposed to
solve them and most of the players here were so
fixated on using the needle they didn't stop the
thing outside of the box this is actually very
similar to the candle problem which was a famous
psychological test in the 1950s the subjects
were given a table a box of thumb backs some
matches and a candle they were then instructed to
stick the candle to the wall without letting any
wax strip into the table but they have to come up
with a solution as fast as he possible can what's
interesting is that most of the participants
didn't consider that the box itself could be
used to solve the problem until their time
ran out and it had everything to do with
time pressure and how the itself were presented
to them we can learn from this by considering
all the tools we have to work with but none of
these players realized they might be able to use
the tin can here to solve their problem instead
of looking the candy to death they could have
used the cannon to collect their liquids and soak
the bottom of the candy way faster all the players
go back to the main room where the results of the
second game are announced 79 people were killed
with 108 left standing and that's now 34.8 billion
own in the bank later the players will gather for
lunch time but when the last of them walk up to
get food they're shocked to find there's nothing
left angry the man yells at the guard for being
unfair but suddenly this girl stands up and points
across the room telling everyone that these
players here cut the line to take seconds the
man walks up to the gangster and tries to pull
the water out of his hand but he is overpowered
and the bottle shatters on the floor furious this
guy slaps him to the guard and starts beating him
to death as the girls do nothing do to stop
him all of a sudden the scoreboard announces
another player has died and the total cash price
goes up by 100 million own a couple of guards walk
in to take the body away while everyone stares
in war realizing that this game just got a lot
more dangerous later sangu here tells his team
to stay awake tonight is easy they're attacked
the other groups are preparing for a fight but
guild here notices this girl across the room
and recognizes her as a pickpocket who stole his
money the man approaches and invites her to join
the team but she rejects his offer insisting no
one here can be trusted that night they all get
into their beds and nervously wait for the guards
to leave the room once the lights are turned off
several people slowly begin to leave their courts
searching for an easy kill suddenly this player
panics as the thug grabs her and stabs the woman
to death this one murder causes a chain reaction
and all the other players begin killing each
other for cash june and his team tried to defend
themselves but vaseline here the old man begging
everyone to stop fighting and when the lights
turned back on the guards ran into the room
putting a stop to the madness okay this just
might be scarier than the actual game so far there
are no rules or restrictions here and when you are
literally out more dead than life everyone in this
room has a motive to kill you now with that said
this is actually the best thing that could
possibly happen there where a total of 27
players who died in the chaos and while those
are better odds than any of the death games so
far this wipes out a lot of competition that we
would otherwise be facing in the next challenges
all we have to do is survive the night and the
other players can kill each other off for our
direct benefit the best strategy here is to run
to the corner of the room and defend your position
with a group of friends this might seem
counterintuitive but when it's completely dark and
you can't see who's coming for you being cornered
in like this leaves you with only 90 degrees of
vulnerability and that's much better than being in
the middle of the room where you would have a full
360 degrees to be attacked from if you don't have
a group then we should be hiding under one of the
bunk beds as soon as the lights go out the killers
won't be able to look for anyone in hiding under
one of bunk beds as soon as the lights go out
the killers won't be able to look for anyone
in hiding because it's too dark to see so this
just might be the only time i'll ever tell you
that hiding under the bed is a good idea and hey i
don't mind being called a coward if we end up out
leaving everyone else as a result the next morning
all the players wake up but jion here notices how
tired the old man is and finds out he stayed up
all night watching over the team in case someone
attacked them he is exhausted but there's no more
time to rest because the third game is about to
being the players are led into a white room where
they are told to divide themselves into groups of
10 song who here realizes that a team game
could mean it's a physical challenge and
things they should find stronger mean to
join them the group splits up to search for
more players but with time running out they
only managed to bring in outcasts realizing that
three skinny women and an old man could put them
at a severe disadvantage the groups are taken into
another room where they see two massive platforms
and they are told that today's game is tug of war
they'll need to pull in the rope until the other
team falls off the platform to their deaths and
the guards draw lots of decide who will go first
when it's finally their turn jion and his team
stand up to see who they will be facing but find
that their opponents are all stronger than team
they are completely outmatched and no they
won't be able to beat them with brute force
but as they ride the elevator up to the platform
the old man tells then he knows exactly how to win
gluin takes a position at the front of the
act as leader with the strongest player at
the very back the group stands on alternating
sides with their feet pointed forward and
as soon as the game begins they all lean back
as far as they can using their whole body to
pawn the rope with this technique they will able
to get the advantage within the first 10 seconds
and talk the other team closer to the age but it
doesn't last for long their opponents gain their
second wind and the group loses their footing
as their drag closer to the age of the platform
but that's when sung who here has a brilliant idea
he yells at everyone to take three steps forward
at his signal and with no other plan they do
as he sees the group steps forward knocking the
other team of balance and it sends them tumbling
to the ground now with the advantage glue and
steam is finally able to pull the others off the
platform and as the blade cuts through the rope
the players call ups just happy to be alive the
players call ups just happy to be alive that's how
three games they have owned and there's only
three more to go okay for anyone who's picked last
in gym class this one has got to bring back some
painful memories because it's immediately clear
that the biggest and strongest player are going
to dummy in this game if you are weak too old like
these guys you are at serious risk of getting your
whole team killed now i am not going to say that
they own just because they had plot arm but if i
were them i would be looking for every possible
way to cheat because of the players we have it's
going to be our best chance at surviving now the
truth is this isn't just a children's game talk
of war used to be in the olympics from years 1900
to 1920 and this day the international olympics
committee still recognizes it as an official sport
if this seems like treval information i assure
you it's not because unlike silly children's
games and official sport has tons of rules with
governing bodies to make sure that the game is
being played fairly the reason this is important
is because these rules are created to prevent him
from gaining an unfair competitive advantage
now that doesn't put a smile on your face
then you are not paying attention because in
a death game like these unfair competitive
advantages are everything we could possibly want
to stay alive in a death game official sport
rules are basically a gift wrapped instruction
manual for how to cheat and win because the
workers are not going to be holding a training
camp on proper tag of war techniques and
there's no referee on this platform if we know
what the official rules are then it's reasonable
to assume that we can break them without getting
punished for it the first rule i would break is
called locking this is usually done by placing
your elbow behind your thigh and it locks up any
back and fourth movement in the rope normally
a tug of wire your hands are the only point of
contact with the rope and it means that your
arms are doing a lot of work but locking helps
you easily use your entire body's weight to pull
with and this rule break makes it much harder for
the other team to win another form of cheating is
for the player in the back to use what's called
an anchor grip where they wrap the end of the rope
around their torso this allows the last player to
concentrate on using his full body to pull without
even needing to place his hands on the rope
there are tons of tug of war rules that we can
break here that we give us an unfair advantage
and it's the best way for a team like this to
win no matter what now if we are about to lose we
are going to need a hill mary tactic and the best
thing we can do is to have the whole team shift to
one side while the player in the back ties the
rope to this metal ball here this doesn't violate
any of the rules stated by the square mask and
if we keep pretending to pull while letting our
arms recover the other team will have no idea we
are cheating and they will blow their muscles out
these anchors can also be used as footholds
instead of relying on the friction of the floor
to push off the next morning the players are
brought to another room where they are giving
instructions for the next game they will need to
pair up with one other person and they have 10
minutes to find a partner the players immediately
start looking for anyone that will help them win
but gion here notices that they are all ignoring
the old man approaching him he reaches out of hand
offering to be his partner and the two join up by
the end the only person who doesn't have a partner
is this woman and with an odd number of players
everyone else lives for the game while she is
dragged away by the girls inside the arena the
players are laid through a room that looks like
an old korean neighborhood and are each given a
pouch filled with 10 marbles and old man tells his
partner that he was good at playing with them as a
kid but makes him promise to be ganbu best friends
if he wants a chance to survive this game suddenly
an announcement tells the players they must use
the marvels to play a game of their choice and
take all 10 of them from their partner in order
to win jiang here decided to play a game of odds
or events and his partner has never played before
but after only a few rounds all here manages
to get the better of him winning all but
one of his marvels the man is devastated and he
begs his partner to help him survive asking for
one last chance to play against the other teams to
take their marbles instead his partner decides to
trust him and that's when thank you asked for
the man's pouch placing it under his jacket
he secretly switches it out which he secretly
switches it out with his own before stripping his
shirt to create a sling hanging his pouch around
the man's neck he tells him to go searching for
others to play against and the man lives with
his partner gone he puts his last marble in the
pool pouch is stole and hands it over the guard
becoming the winner it's a filthy trick to play
but he did what he needed to survive meanwhile
guillen plays against the old man cheating in each
round until he's down to one less marble realizing
he about to lose he decides to surrender to his
best friend and golan breaks down in tears with
all 10 marbles he walks away the winner as the old
man gets killed and with four games down there's
only two more to go okay this death game has a lot
more possibilities than any of other challenges
because for the first time we get to choose
how we want to play now the danger here is that
there's only 30 minutes on the clock and if your
partner refuses to continue you will run out
of time before you have own all their marbles
which will get you killed playing a single all or
nothing round will solve this problem but it's a
risky strategy because if you lose there's no way
to win your marbles back now there's guys here are
playing the game odd or even where your opponent
cases if the number of marbles in your hand is odd
or even and if they guess right they get to take
them winning this game is based on pure chance and
for someone as smart as sango here he should have
realized that this game would give him no way to
use a strategy to an advantage instead of games
of blind luck like this we should be looking
for something that your opponent thinks they
can win but that you know you can win and for
that there's nothing better than an unsigned
chinese game called neem this game has been
around for countries but what makes it special
is that there's actually a proven strategy to
guarantee a victory if you are not familiar with
the game this is how to play first we combine our
20 marbles together into a shared pile and take
turns removing either one or two marbles at a time
whoever removes the last marvel gets to keep all
of them and wins the game it's so simple that you
would think there couldn't possibly be a strategy
here but the key to this game is to always go
first and remove exactly two marbles then whatever
they remove you remove the opposite for example
if they remove two marbles then you remove one
and if they remove one marble then you remove two
if we keep this going then you are guaranteed to
remove the last marble and you will never lose
most people don't know this mathematical trick
exist and that's why it is perfect game to choose
in the situation because when our victory depends
on another players comparison we can use name to
trick anyone into agreeing to play and they won't
realize they have lost until it's too late now
it might be that there's just now enough time to
invest in playing a full game of nim because the
longer it takes your opponent to make decisions
the more he puts you at risk of getting executed
if that's the case then we should follow these
guys dirty tactics and steal our partners marbles
to do this we should ask for their pouch in order
to set up the game but once they have handed them
over just go straight to the guard and declare you
have made the win conditions the other player will
probably attack you in protest but violence is
not allowed in this game and your opponent will
be threatened at gunpoint if he does once you
have his marvels there's nothing to stop you from
winning and in a death game like this we have
to consider every tactic at our disposal if we
want to stay alive and victor's return to the main
room and they are all surprised to see that this
woman is still alive she explains that since she
had no one to pair with the game let her skip the
challenge and after everything they have been
through the others are furious the next morning
all the players wake up to a group of girls coming
in with a coffin and gion here realizes that one
of their fellow players decided to quit during the
night looking up they watch the man's life turns
into cold hard cash and that's when the pa
announces that the fifth game is about to
begin the group is taken to a room with a royal
mannequins wearing numbered vests and they are
told they each choose one for their next challenge
rushing in everyone gets their pick but when jian
finally step up to choose the only best left for
him are numbers 1 and 16. he considers taking
number one even though that means he will go first
but this player asked to have the number instead
and he agrees to let him take it finally they
are brought into the game room and the announcer
tells them they will be playing glasses taping
stones they must remove their shoes and walk over
tempered glass to make it across the bridge but
if they step on a panel made from regular glass
they will fall to their death with 60 minutes on
the clock the first player takes off his shoes
and approaches the breeze nervous he jumps to the
first tile and makes it but when he moves on the
second the man falls straight through the glass
horrified the other players have no choice but
to continue and more people start crossing the
glass breeze one by one they plummet to the
ground as they slowly reveal a path of stable
panels for the others to follow with the first
eight players dead it's now the gangster's
turn to lead the group but he refuses to move
on telling the others to go before him if they
want to pass everyone behind him starts to panic
they still have five panels left and are quickly
running out to time suddenly the gangster comes
face to face with this woman and she mocks him
for being a coward jumping onto his platforms she
locks her arm around him threatening to pull him
off the ledge if he doesn't continue but before
the gangster knows it they break through the glass
panel as they both fall to their deaths with only
a handful of survivors and least then three
minutes left this man crouches down to inspect the
panel in front of him son who begs him to keep on
moving but he reveals that he was a glassmaker for
30 years and can tell which panels are tempered
from the reflection the man jumps towards onto
a stable panel and they realizes his theory is
working but that's when the game decides to make
things more challenging and turns off the light
so they can't tell the difference panicking
sango here realizes they won't be able to see the
reflections anymore but the glass maker has one
last trick up his sleeve he asked for something
to throw out the panels explaining that tempered
and regular glass make different sound given
here passes over the marble he still has and
the glass maker tosses in front of them but with
the less than 25 seconds remaining sangu decides
to take matters into his own hands he pushes the
man forward shattering the glass into pieces and
with the path clear they all make it to the other
side when the timer hits zero the remaining glass
panels suddenly explode and the shades go flying
through the air injuring the three survivors that
sound five games down and one more to go okay this
glass maker was a total badass he could have saved
all 16 players if he shared his knowledge in the
beginning but he knew that keeping his mouth shut
would eliminate his competition and it was
a better move the only mistake he made was
not waiting longer because once he revealed
his strategy the game removed his advantage
and all it took was one greedy man to kill him off
now having said that this game is different from
the previous challenges because it's not a test
of skill or strength when you have no information
to base your decision on choosing the right path
here makes a game a random chance if you look here
you will see that there are 18 pairs of panels so
this first player has a one in 262 144 chance of
making it across this breeze this is basically a
death game lottery with odds that i wouldn't play
under any circumstances unless i found a way to
cheat by the few of advantages it's fair to assume
that each player will probably step on two panels
before dying with one correct guess and one wrong
one that means on average nine players will need
to die in order to cross all 18 of them if the
majority of the players are going to die then it
might be the perfect time to convince them to vote
on leaving the competition this game is like
telling someone that if they don't win the
lottery they will get murdered and when you put it
like that it's kind of ridiculous that the first
players even attempt to play now if we actually
choose to play the horse we are going to have to
cheat if we want any chance of making it to the
next round i am not expert glass maker like this
guy here but all i need to know is that if you
throw something through window it's going to break
that's exactly why i would have collected these
shoes here take my jacket off and tie a knot at
the end of the sleeve then place a bunch of shoes
inside so that we can swing it in front of us to
test if the glass will break or not if it crack
then i jump to the opposite panel and continue
until i reach the end if for some reason this
method fails we can also try working on the
metal bars here instead of the glass now this
might be considered unacceptable to the game
designers but if someone doesn't try it will
never know if it's allowed or not the only win
condition for this challenge is to make it across
the bridge and we have already seen others game
where the players are able to manipulate the rules
to their advantage if you remember in the last
game jango him the marvels instead of playing
for them and when things get desperate these
are the kind of tactics that we need to start
using if we don't test the boundaries of what's
allowed in each and every game then we might
be missing out on some of the best strategies
that will keep us alive for longer and it's a
terrible waste of an opportunity later the players
are rewarded for surviving to the final game and
given the first real foot they have had in days
starving the men dig into their stake realizing
this could be the last meal of their lives when
they finishes eating the stuff leave them with
their steak knives and by all appearances this
next game is going to be a visual fight to the
death that tonight jion here decides to approach
the girl to talk he asked her what she will do if
she survives and the girl reveals she wants to get
her mother out of north korea so their families
can reunite it's a touchy moment but suddenly
looks over the notice the other players splouching
in his bed he's falling asleep and the man
realizes he's got the perfect opportunity to kill
him pulling out his steak knife he is about to
step forward when the girl stops him insisting
he shouldn't play this way he hesitates but
the man knows she is right and puts the knife away
that's when he hears the girl gasping and turns
around shocked to find her leaning over the bed
and realizing she was injured by the flying glass
in the last game worried he runs over the front
door and screams at the staff to treat her owned
to his surprise the light suddenly turned on as
the workers entered the room carrying a coffin but
they aren't here to help green looks behind
him and sees sango standing over the girl's
bed and his knife is soaked in her blood furious
jion goes to attack him but a guard intervenes
shoving the player to the ground and as he screams
in fury the coffin closes over the woman's body
leaving the final two players left with one
last game okay this was devastating but we
all should have seen it coming sango here has
managed to stay alive because he's the most
cold-blooded player in the game but that's
why he was 100 correct to kill this woman he
realizes that with three players left there was
a huge risk that if the others banded together
they would have a majority using the third clause
of the contract this will let them force abort to
quite the game and he wouldn't be able to stop
them if they were me i wouldn't let that happen
under any circumstances because we have come
away too far to give up now that's why he
took matters due to his own hands before it
got that far and it was a brilliant move to
make now to be fair this girl was already bleeding
out and was simply not strong enough to compete
at the next game her only options were to kill the
men during the night or to force a vote and return
back to the mainland both of this benefit nobody
but herself and jion here seems to keep forgetting
that he is a finalist in a death game saying you
just did him a huge favor and wiped out 33 of the
competition so as heartless and cold-blooded
as it was the man did exactly what he had to
do the two men are taken to a corridor where their
trendy coin will be flipped to decide who will be
defending or attacking picking triangle gun
here wins the toss and chooses to play offense
before the players are finally told that for
the last round they will be playing squid
game as the attacker blue must enter the squid
shaped coat and tap his foot inside a circle
on the other end to win the defender wins if he
manages to toss the attacker out of the court but
any kind of violence is allowed and the last
person standing will be the winner suddenly the
sky goes dark and it starts to rain as the two
players take their positions determined to get
visions for the girl journey here works towards
his childhood friend and starts swinging his knife
but the other player manages to get him in a choke
hold the two men go at it and as the player get
locked into a wrestling match his opponent picks
up his knife before stabbing glenn deep into the
thigh he kicks the other player away from him but
with his injuries he can barely defend himself the
man walks up to him and tries to end his life but
jion won't give up catching the knife at the last
second and bites his ankle forcing the man to back
off exhausted he climbs over his friend and beats
him into the ground xango is too weak to continue
and even though he has the perfect opportunity
to kill him jan spares his life getting on to his
feet he asked the guard about clause number three
and if they are still allowed to end the game if
both players agree to quit he then offers a hand
to his friend telling him they can both go home
but the man decides to sacrifice himself letting
june win by default he's completed all six games
and on 45 billion own but has just lost his friend
in the process okay sango took the honorable way
out but to be fair this guy had it coming to his
because he was just about the host childhood
friend you have ever asked for first of all he
tricked jian into picking an umbrella in the
second game knowing that it might get him killed
and he also stole his other teammates marvel
which was downright disrespectful having said that
we cannot get emotional like jion here because
this kind of behavior will backfire on you quickly
he's furious that song who killed the girl but
it's distracting him from his priorities of
staying alive and finding strategies to win this
last game now if the man had kept his cool he
would have noticed that all the walls of
the room were images that told him exactly
what the next game would be these pictures
have been here the whole time and if glenn
had noticed this drawing of the squid game court
with only two players inside with that kind of
evidence all you need to know is how to play squid
game to figure out what tactics will give us our
best chance to win so let's break down how this
game actually works first there are two sides and
offense and a defense the attacking players begin
the game by trying to run across the court here
while the defender tries to stop them if they
succeed the game enters stage two and the attacker
must run through this narrow gap and break the
defense but only wins by tapping his foot on
his tiny space lastly if he gets pushed out of
bounds by the defender that he losses now that
you know the rules imagine if you are the attacker
trying to run through this gap except this time
the defending player here is holding out a stack
knife this is why choosing to play offense is a
terrible strategy because they are actually not
playing squid game at all they are playing a new
game called kill your childhood friend and in fact
that they are both given stick knives completely
changes how we should be thinking about this to
put it another way if sumo wrestlers were allowed
to use stick knives in competition they would
have to completely change their regular strategies
in how to play and win the scenario jion has to
make it through this tiny opening without getting
stabbed but all sango has to do is push him out
of the court or kill him choosing the defender is
going to give you a better chance to win because
the knife makes it almost impossible to enter the
gap without getting seriously injured if i wear
him i would even try standing where the opponent
is supposed to tap his foot this loose the
attacker closes to the aid of the court here and
we might be able to throw him out of bounds to win
the game it doesn't require nearly as much energy
agility or endurance as the offensive player
needs to have and that's why guild made the worst
possible choice now this is not the only mistake
that he made because even while the game was being
played he was so caught up in gaining revenge
that he completely forgot the main objective
this man had several opportunities to run through
the gap and tap his foot on the circle to win but
he completely ignored it and continued fighting
its the game problem he had at the beginning with
a dog to player because when he finally owned
and flipped the paper he was so caught up with
his emotions that he wanted to return the slap
and forgot that he was playing for one hundred
thousand own its jian's host character flaw and it
nearly cost him his life he is taken back to the
mainland and dubbed on a sidewalk with a special
debit card as a reward when he puts it into an atm
he discovers it's full of the prize money from the
death game one year later june here is miserable
and hasn't touched any of the money he owned but
as he sitting on a riverbank a woman asked him
to buy one of her flowers because they while he
pays for a single rose and she gives it to him
but then he discovers an envelope was added to it
with a pink ribbon opening it he finds out it's a
squid game business card for the old man invited
him to a reunion in the city going to the address
he enters his building and is shocked to find that
the old man lying in a gurney he's somehow still
alive and glean demands an explanation about who
he is and old man tells him he created the dead
games and the only reason he joined was so that
he could feel like a kid again dion is completely
disgusted but the old man dies before he can
answer any more of his questions several days and
one crazy haircut later he is traveling
to the airport to visit his daughter when
he spots someone slapping a guy on
the platform and he realizes it's the
doxy player who gave him the business card
furious he runs over the other side of the
tracks to confront the man but he's already gotten
the train and left blue and hair was up to the
person he was playing with and sees he was given
a card taking it out of his hand he discovers it's
an invitation to the death game later he is about
to board his plane and decides to call the number
on the card he demands to know who the kidnappers
are but the person on the other end tells him to
get on board that makes guillotine furious and he
turns back around deciding to stop the squid game
before more people get hurt but what do you think
how would you beat squid game let me know with a
comment down below thank you so much for
watching leave a like and subscribe and
check out how to be playlist for more videos
like this until next time have a damn good day